README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Yoast/YoastSEO.js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Yoast/js-text-analysis)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/badges/f503961401819f93c64c/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/feed)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/badges/f503961401819f93c64c/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/coverage)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/yoast/yoastseo.js.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/yoast/yoastseo.js)

# YoastSEO.js

Text analysis and assessment library in JavaScript. This library can generate interesting metrics about a text and assess these metrics to give you an assessment which can be used to improve the text.

Also included is a preview of the Google search results which can be assessed using the library.

## Installation

You can install YoastSEO.js using npm:

```bash
npm install https://github.com/Yoast/YoastSEO.js#develop
```

## Usage

If you want the complete experience with UI and everything you can use the `App`. You need to have a few HTML elements to make this work: A snippet preview container, a focusKeyword input element and a content input field.

```js
var SnippetPreview = require( "yoastseo" ).SnippetPreview;
var App = require( "yoastseo" ).App;

window.onload = function() {
	var focusKeywordField = document.getElementById( "focusKeyword" );
	var contentField = document.getElementById( "content" );

	var snippetPreview = new SnippetPreview({
		targetElement: document.getElementById( "snippet" )
	});

	var app = new App({
		snippetPreview: snippetPreview,
		targets: {
			output: "output"
		},
		callbacks: {
			getData: function() {
				return {
					keyword: focusKeywordField.value,
					text: contentField.value
				};
			}
		}
	});

	app.refresh();
	
	focusKeywordField.on( 'change', app.refresh.bind( app ) );
	contentField.on( 'change', app.refresh.bind( app ) );
};
```

You can also invoke internal components directly to be able to work with the raw data. To get metrics about the text you can use the `Researcher`:

```js
var Researcher = require( "yoastseo" ).Researcher;

var researcher = new Researcher( new Paper( "Text that has been written" ) );

console.log( researcher.getResearch( "wordCountInText" ) );
```

## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

## Documentation

[Customization](./docs/Customization.md)

## Testing

```bash
npm test
```

Generate coverage using the `--coverage` flag.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email security@yoast.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Team Yoast](https://github.com/orgs/Yoast/people)
- [All Contributors](https://github.com/Yoast/YoastSEO.js/graphs/contributors)

## License

We follow the GPL. Please see [License](LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

Explain link to customization documentation

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Yoast/YoastSEO.js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Yoast/js-text-analysis)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/badges/f503961401819f93c64c/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/feed)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/badges/f503961401819f93c64c/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/5524f75d69568028f6000fda/coverage)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/yoast/yoastseo.js.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/yoast/yoastseo.js)

# YoastSEO.js

Text analysis and assessment library in JavaScript. This library can generate interesting metrics about a text and assess these metrics to give you an assessment which can be used to improve the text.

Also included is a preview of the Google search results which can be assessed using the library.

## Installation

You can install YoastSEO.js using npm:

```bash
npm install https://github.com/Yoast/YoastSEO.js#develop
```

## Usage

If you want the complete experience with UI and everything you can use the `App`. You need to have a few HTML elements to make this work: A snippet preview container, a focusKeyword input element and a content input field.

```js
var SnippetPreview = require( "yoastseo" ).SnippetPreview;
var App = require( "yoastseo" ).App;

window.onload = function() {
	var focusKeywordField = document.getElementById( "focusKeyword" );
	var contentField = document.getElementById( "content" );

	var snippetPreview = new SnippetPreview({
		targetElement: document.getElementById( "snippet" )
	});

	var app = new App({
		snippetPreview: snippetPreview,
		targets: {
			output: "output"
		},
		callbacks: {
			getData: function() {
				return {
					keyword: focusKeywordField.value,
					text: contentField.value
				};
			}
		}
	});

	app.refresh();
	
	focusKeywordField.on( 'change', app.refresh.bind( app ) );
	contentField.on( 'change', app.refresh.bind( app ) );
};
```

You can also invoke internal components directly to be able to work with the raw data. To get metrics about the text you can use the `Researcher`:

```js
var Researcher = require( "yoastseo" ).Researcher;

var researcher = new Researcher( new Paper( "Text that has been written" ) );

console.log( researcher.getResearch( "wordCountInText" ) );
```

## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

## Documentation

The data that will be analyzed by YoastSEO.js can be modified by plugins. Plugins can also add new research and assessments. To find out how to do this, checkout out the [customization documentation](./docs/Customization.md).

## Testing

```bash
npm test
```

Generate coverage using the `--coverage` flag.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email security@yoast.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Team Yoast](https://github.com/orgs/Yoast/people)
- [All Contributors](https://github.com/Yoast/YoastSEO.js/graphs/contributors)

## License

We follow the GPL. Please see [License](LICENSE) file for more information.
